Okay, so let's move ahead to step three here.
We're going to set up our app configuration
for OpenID Connect.
All right, so let's go ahead
and open up a new terminal window,
and we'll simply generate a new file here.
And I'll call it config/MyAppconfig.
Sort of create this file here my app config.ts.
Let's go ahead and take a look at it over here,
the app config, my app config.ts, cool.
Let me just exit the terminal real quick, already.
So I'll make some slight mods here in this actual file,
so I removed the interface in the MyAppConfig portion of it.
I just remove that and replace it with default
because we'll simply do a default export
of this JSON structure here.
So I'll define the JSON for OIDC, OpenID Connect.
I set up a reference here for client ID,
for issuer or redirect URI.
So for redirect URI I will use this 4200login/callback
and in for scopes, we'll give a list of the scopes.
So effectively, what we're doing here is just setting up
like a properties file or configuration file
which is doing it via this JSON data structure.
All right, now I need to fill in some blanks here
for the client ID and the issuer
and we can get this information from our Okta dashboard.
So I'll swim back over here to the dashboard and up top.
So the one thing I'm going to need here
is I'll need the client ID.
So this is the public identifier for the client application.
I'll simply copy that to the clipboard,
swing back to my app,
and I'll just paste it here for client ID.
This should have used the values from your dev console.
Your values will be different than mine, okay?
So just kind of copy paste as they have the dashboard
and you should be okay.
All right in so I'll also need information
as far as my dev domain here, my Okta domain,
so I just copy this section also,
then I'll swing back over to my app.
So I'll paste that here for a second
and then I need to fill out some other items here.
So this is going to be HTTPS slash whatever my dev domain is
until the (indistinct) say /oauth2/default.
All right so just a description here,
the client IDs, the public identifier, the client app,
and then also the issuer is the issuer of tokens.
That's the URL that we'll use when authorizing
with the Okta authorization server.
And the redirect URIs basically
where they're going to send the user once they log in.
And remember the scopes provide access
to information about a user.
So we have three scopes here,
open ID that's required for authentication requests.
We also have the profiles scope
that has a user's first name, last name,
phone number, et cetera.
And also we have the emails scope that of course,
contains the user's email address.